docs pass & omnigraph overview (#2142)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/hosted-instances.mdx

### Available instance configurations

> Each ENSNode hosted instance is configured for a specific ENS **namespace** and activated ENSNode **plugins**. The ENS namespace is the source of truth for ENS protocol deployment indexed by ENSNode, and the activated plugins determine the specific data model produced and which ENSNode APIs are available to query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ENSNode hosted instance is configured for a specific ENS **namespace** and activated ENSNode **plugins**. The ENS namespace identifies which ENS protocol deployment will be indexed by ENSNode (ex: mainnet or sepolia). The activated plugins determine the specific indexed data model ENSIndexer will produce in ENSDb and therefore which APIs ENSApi will make available to query.
```

Each ENS namespace is associated with a particular ENS Root Registry deployment, which may or may not have completed the transition from ENSv1 to ENSv2. Currently, ENSNode supports the following ENS namespaces:
- `mainnet` (ENSv1)
- `sepolia` (ENSv1)
- `sepolia-v2` (ENSv1+ENSv2 — An independent deployment of ENS to Sepolia that is already upgraded to ENSv2)
- `ens-test-env` (ENSv1+ENSv2 — A deployment of ENSv2 to a local Anvil chain for development and testing. For details see https://github.com/ensdomains/ens-test-env and https://github.com/ensdomains/contracts-v2)

More details about ENS namespaces can be found inside [ENSNode's datasources package](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/tree/main/packages/datasources).

### ENSv2 Instances

These instances are associated with an ENS namespace that has upgraded to ENSv2 and demonstrate the latest ENSv2 support in ENSNode.

#### ENSNode 'v2 Sepolia'

:::tip[v2 Sepolia]

> The `sepolia-v2` namespace is undergoing active development by the ENS Team and should be considered highly experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sepolia-v2` namespace is undergoing active development by the ENS Labs team who is continuing to release updated ENSv2 contracts. It should be considered experimental.
```

  purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's backwards compatibility with the ENS Subgraph. Provides 1:1 Subgraph compatible data on Sepolia."
/>

## Start building

> Pick an instance above, then jump into the Quickstart to point your app, SDK, or GraphQL client at it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pick an instance above, then jump into the Quickstart for integration options to start making use of it.
```
